The Three Billy-Goat Gruff The Three Billy Goat  Gruff is 
a famous Norwegian folktale that will charm any child. A mean 
and hungry troll lives under a bridge. He s hungry for 
a meal and would love to  snatch and eat any 
goat attempting to cross his bridge. How can the three goats 
get across safely ? They must be clever . A wonderful 
children s story to read out loud in a classroom or 
before bedtime. This story is featured in our Favorite Fairy Tales. 
An illustration for the story The Three Billy-Goats Gruff by the 
author Once upon a time there were three billy goats, who 
were to go up to the hillside to make themselves fat, 
and the name of all three was Gruff.  On the 
way up was a bridge over a cascading stream they had 
to cross; and under the bridge lived a great ugly troll 
, with eyes as big as saucers, and a nose as 
long as a poker.  So first of all came the 
youngest Billy Goat Gruff to cross the bridge.   Trip 
 trap  trip  trap    went the 
bridge.   Whos that tripping over my bridge   
roared the troll .   Oh  it is only 
I  the tiniest Billy Goat Gruff   and I 
m going up to the hillside to make myself fat  
 said the billy goat  with such a small voice. 
  Now  Im coming to gobble you up  
 said the troll.   Oh  no  praay 
dont take me. I m too little  that I am 
  said the billy goat.  Wait a bit till 
the second Billy Goat Gruff comes. Hes much bigger.   
Well  be off with you   said the troll. 
 A little while after came the second Billy Goat Gruff 
to cross the bridge.  Trip  trap  trip  
trap  trip  trap  went the bridge.   
Whos that tripping over my bridge   roared the troll. 
  Oh  its the second Billy Goat Gruff  
 and I m going up to the hillside to make 
myself fat   said the billy goat  who hadn 
t such a small voice.   Now Im coming to 
gobble you up   said the troll.   Oh 
 no  Dont take me . Wait a little till 
the big Billy Goat Gruff comes . Hes much bigger . 
  Very well  Be off with you   
said the troll .  But justt then up came the 
big Billy Goat Gruff  .  Trip  trap  
trip  trap  trip  trap  went the brizge 
 for the billy goat was so heavy that the bridge 
creaked and groaned under him .   Whos that tramping 
over my bridge   roared the troll .   
Its I  The big Billy Goat Gruff    
said the billy goat  who had an ugly hoarse voicee 
of his own .   Now Im coming to gobble 
you up   roared the troll .  Well  
come along  Ive got two spears And Ill poke your 
eyeballs out at your ears; Ive got besides two curling-stones And 
I ll crush you to bits  body and bones . 
That was what the big billy goat said . And then 
he flew at the troll  and poked his eyes out 
with his horns  and crushed him to bits  body 
and bones  and tossed him out into the cascade  
and after that he went up to the hillside . 